Text: What are the Terms and Conditions? | adidas US
Link: /us/help?hcid=COMPANY_INFORMATION
Text: BACK
Text: What are the Terms and Conditions?
Text: What are the Terms and Conditions?
Text: Last updated:
Text: 12/01/2023
Text: Welcome to adidas!  These terms and conditions govern your access to and use of www.adidas.com/us, the adidas App (the “App”), and any other website or application in which we present these terms and conditions (collectively with any content, shopping services, and community services provided those sites and apps, the “Platform”).  The Platform is owned and operated by adidas America, Inc. (“adidas/we/us”). These terms and conditions include and incorporate the additional policies and terms referenced here (collectively with these terms and conditions, the “Terms”).  Please read the Terms carefully.
Text: By using our Platform, you accept and agree to the Terms.
Text: If you disagree with the Terms, please do not use the Platform and exit immediately.
Text: We reserve the right to change the Terms from time to time. These changes will become effective when we post them. Your continued use of our Platform after we post changes to the Terms will mean you accept those changes.
Text: Please note our policy regarding resellers below
Text: .
Text: THESE TERMS REQUIRE YOU TO SUBMIT CLAIMS EXCLUSIVELY TO INDIVIDUAL (NON-CLASS ACTION) BINDING ARBITRATION. SEE BELOW.
Text: 1. ELIGIBILITY
Text: You must be at least 13 years old to access the Platform.  If you are at least 13 years old but less than 18 years old, you can register for an account or use the Platform only after your parent(s), guardian, or legal representative has consented to these Terms.
Text: adidas may at all times request written proof of such consent.
Text: 2. PLATFORM CONTENT
Text: Other than User Generated Content, all of the content featured or displayed on the Platform, including without limitation text, graphics, photographs, images, moving images, sound, and illustrations (“Content”), is owned by adidas, its licensors, affiliates, vendors, agents and/or its Content providers. All elements of the Platform, including without limitation the general design and the Content, are protected by trade dress, copyright, moral rights, trademark, and other laws relating to intellectual property rights. The Platform may only be used for the intended purpose for which that Platform is being made available.
Text: Except as otherwise indicated in specific areas within the Platform, you are authorized to view, play, print, and download documents, audio, and video found on our Platform for personal, informational, and noncommercial purposes only. You may not modify any of the materials or copy, distribute, transmit, display, perform, reproduce, publish, license, create derivative works from, transfer or sell any information or work contained on the Platform. Except as authorized under the copyright laws, you are responsible for obtaining permission before reusing any copyrighted material that is available on the Platform. For purposes of these Terms, the use of any such material on any other website or networked computer environment is prohibited. You must comply with all applicable domestic and international laws, statutes, ordinances, and regulations regarding your use of the Platform. The Platform, its Content, and all related rights will remain the exclusive property of adidas or its licensors unless otherwise expressly agreed. You will not remove any copyright, trademark, or other proprietary notices from material found on this Platform.
Text: Content on this Platform may include images of people playing sports and exercising.  Please be aware that we are not familiar with your individual physical characteristics and health.  Before you begin an exercise program, you should get a medical checkup. It is important that you warm-up and stretch before engaging in physical activity and that you use common sense while engaging in physical activity. If you experience any pain, feel weak, dizzy, exhausted, or become short of breath, immediately stop your workout. When you engage in physical activity, you assume all inherent risks.
Text: 3. USER-GENERATED CONTENT – INFORMATION CONTROL
Text: All opinions, remarks, comments, artwork, graphics, photographs, links, questions, suggestions, information, videos, and other materials that you or other users of the Platform post, upload, transmit, display or otherwise make available through the Platform (“User Generated Content”) are the sole responsibility of you or the person who provided that User Generated Content.  This means that you, not adidas, are responsible for the User-Generated Content you post, upload, transmit, display, or otherwise make available through the Platform.  You must not suggest, directly or indirectly, that adidas endorses your User Generated Content.
Text: Adidas does not control User Generated Content and does not guarantee the accuracy, integrity, or quality of any User Generated Content.  Furthermore, the User Generated Content is for informational purposes only and is not intended to be a substitute for professional medical advice, diagnosis, or treatment. We are not responsible for any User-Generated Content and will not be liable for any loss or damage caused by any User-Generated Content or your use of or reliance on it. You understand that by using the Platform, you may be exposed to User-Generated Content that is offensive, indecent, or objectionable. m. By using the Platform, you may be exposed to User-Generated Content that you find offensive, objectionable, harmful, inaccurate, or deceptive. There may also be risks of dealing with underage persons, people acting under false pretenses, international trade issues, and foreign nationals. By using our Platform, you assume all associated risks.
Text: By posting, uploading, transmitting, displaying, or otherwise making available User Generated Content through the Platform, you agree that:
Text: you are the owner of all rights to that User-Generated Content;
Text: you have waived all "moral rights" that you may have in that User-generated Content, including but not limited to the right to be identified as the author of that content;
Text: you have the right to allow our use of that User-Generated Content under these Terms;
Text: all User Generated Content that you post is accurate; does not violate these Terms; will not result in a violation of any agreement to which you are currently bound or will become bound in the future; does not and will not violate any applicable law; and will not cause injury to any person or entity; and
Text: you are at least 13 years old.
Text: 4. USER-GENERATED CONTENT – YOUR LICENSE TO US
Text: User-Generated Content remains the intellectual property of the individual user. By posting, uploading, transmitting, displaying, or otherwise making available User Generated Content through the Platform, you grant adidas a non-exclusive, perpetual, irrevocable, royalty-free, worldwide, fully sub-licensable right to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, perform, and display that User Generated Content, in whole or in part, throughout the world in any form, medium or technology, whether now known or later developed.
Text: We may modify or adapt User Generated Content, including in order to transmit, display, or distribute it over networks and to conform to the requirements of networks, services, or other media. We or others may, in our sole discretion, refer to your name or other identifiers you provided when posting User Generated Content. You promise that our publication and use of your User Generated Content will not infringe the rights of any third party.
Text: All User-Generated Content that you post, upload, transmit, display, or otherwise make available through the Platform may be used by adidas in accordance with our Privacy Policy.  adidas reserves the right to change, condense, delete, or refuse to post any User-Generated Content on the Platform at its sole discretion. adidas does not guarantee that you can edit or delete any User Generated Content you have made available in connection with the Platform. We are not under any obligation to keep confidential the User-Provided Content that you make available through the Platform.
Text: 5. PRODUCTS, FEATURES
Text: All features, content, specifications, products, and prices of products and services described or depicted on this Platform are subject to change at any time without notice. Certain weights, measures, and similar descriptions are approximate and are provided for convenience purposes only. We make all reasonable efforts to accurately display the attributes of our products, including the applicable colors; however, the actual color you see will depend on your computer system, and we cannot guarantee that your computer will accurately display such colors. The inclusion of any products or services on this Platform at a particular time does not imply or warrant that these products or services will be available at any time. It is your responsibility to ascertain and obey all applicable local, state, federal, and international laws (including minimum age requirements) in regard to the possession, use, and sale of any item purchased from this Platform. By placing an order, you represent that the products ordered will be used only in a lawful manner. All DVDs and similar products sold are for private, home use (where no admission fee is charged), non-public performance, and may not be duplicated.
Text: 6. ACCURACY OF INFORMATION
Text: We attempt to ensure that the information on this Platform is complete, accurate, and current. Despite our efforts, the information on this Platform may occasionally be inaccurate, incomplete, or outdated. Except as prohibited by applicable New Jersey law, we make no representation as to the completeness, accuracy, or currency of any information on this Platform. For example, products included on this Platform may be unavailable, may have different attributes than those listed, or may actually carry a different price than that stated on this Platform. In addition, we may make changes in information about price and availability without notice. While it is our practice to confirm orders by email, the receipt of an email order confirmation does not constitute our acceptance of an order or our confirmation of an offer to sell a product or service. We reserve the right, without prior notice, to limit the order quantity on any product or service and/or to refuse service to any customer. We also may require verification of information prior to the acceptance and/or shipment of any order.
Text: 7. SHIPPING AND RETURNS
Text: When an order is placed, it will be shipped to an address designated by the purchaser as long as that shipping address is compliant with the shipping restrictions contained on this Platform. All purchases from this Platform are made pursuant to a shipment contract. As a result, the risk of loss and title for items purchased from this Platform passes to you upon delivery of the items to the carrier.
Text: Based on your return history, we reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to issue your refund through an adidas gift card.
Text: Please review our
Link: https://www.adidas.com/us/help/returns-refunds
Text: Returns
Link: https://www.adidas.com/us/help/returns-refunds
Text: and
Link: https://www.adidas.com/us/help/returns-refunds
Text: Refunds
Text: Policy
Text: ,
Text: which is incorporated into these terms.  In addition, if delivery is unsuccessful or refused because you provided the incorrect address, we reserve the right to charge you a restocking and reshipping fee.
Text: 8. THIRD-PARTY LINKS
Text: From time to time, this Platform may contain links to websites that are not owned, operated, or controlled by adidas or its affiliates. All such links are provided solely as a convenience to you. If you use these links, you will leave this Platform. Neither we nor any of our respective affiliates are responsible for any content, materials, or other information located on or accessible from any other website. Neither we nor any of our respective affiliates endorse, guarantee, or make any representations or warranties regarding any other websites, any content, materials, or other information located or accessible from any other websites, or the results that you may obtain from using any other websites. If you decide to access any other websites linked to or from this Platform, you do so entirely at your own risk.
Text: 9.
Text: NO RESELLING
Text: ; OTHER UNAUTHORIZED USE OF COMPUTER SYSTEM
Text: You may not use this Platform to purchase items for resale. if we determine, in our sole discretion, that you are purchasing items for resale, we reserve the right to, without limitation, cancel your order, refuse returns, refuse refunds, charge a restocking fee, close your account, and take any other action we deem reasonable to restrict your current and future reselling of our products. We reserve the right to stop doing business with customers who violate our no-reselling policy.
Text: You agree to comply with all laws, rules, and regulations applicable to your access to and use of the Platform. In addition, you agree not to post, upload, transmit, display, or otherwise make available through the Platform any User Generated Content that is unlawful, misleading, threatening, harassing, defamatory, libelous, obscene, profane, invasive of another’s privacy, or that could constitute or encourage conduct that would be considered a criminal offense or give rise to civil liability, that harms minors or that otherwise violates any law. Such violations may subject the sender and his or her agents to civil and criminal penalties. You further understand and agree that sending unsolicited email advertisements to any user of the Platform or the Platform or through Voice computer systems is expressly prohibited by these Terms. Any such unauthorized use of our Platform or computer systems is a violation of these Terms and applicable “anti-spam” laws. In addition to any remedies that we may have at law or in equity, if we determine, in our sole discretion, that you have violated or are likely to violate the foregoing prohibitions, we may take any action we deem necessary to cure or prevent the violation, including without limitation, the immediate removal of the related materials from this Platform. We will fully cooperate with any law enforcement authorities or court order or subpoena requesting or directing us to disclose the identity of anyone posting such materials.
Text: 10. ACCESS AND INTERFERENCE
Text: You agree that you will not use any robot, spider, scraper, or other automated means to access the Platform for any purpose without our express written permission. Additionally, you agree that you will not do or attempt to do any of the following: (i) take any action that imposes, or may impose in our sole discretion an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on our infrastructure; (ii) interfere with the proper working of the Platform,  any activities conducted on the Platform or any networks connected to the Platform; (iii) bypass any measures we may use to prevent or restrict access to the Platform, whether through hacking, password “mining” or any other unauthorized means, (iv) probe, scan, or test the vulnerability of the Platform or any network connected to the Platform, or (v) harvest or otherwise collect and store information about other users of the Platform, including e-mail addresses.
Text: 11. ACCOUNT SECURITY
Text: You are entirely responsible for the security and confidentiality of your password and account. Furthermore, you are entirely responsible for any and all activities that occur under your account. You agree to immediately notify us of any unauthorized use of your account or any other breach of security of which you become aware. You are responsible for taking precautions and providing security measures best suited for your situation and intended use of the Platform.
Text: 12. FEES
Text: For all charges for any products and services sold on the Platform, adidas will bill your credit card or alternative payment method offered by adidas. Any seasonal surcharges will be included in your order's delivery total and are non-refundable. If legal action is necessary to collect on balances due, you agree to reimburse adidas for all expenses incurred to recover sums due, including attorneys' fees and other legal expenses. You are responsible for the purchase of, and payment of charges for, all Internet access services and telecommunications services needed for use of this Platform.
Text: 13. FORCE MAJEURE
Text: Neither adidas nor you shall be responsible for damages or for delays or failures in performance resulting from acts or occurrences beyond their reasonable control, including, without limitation: fire, lightning, explosion, power surge or failure, water, acts of God, war, revolution, civil commotion or acts of civil or military authorities or public enemies: any law, order, regulation, ordinance, or requirement of any government or legal body or any representative of any such government or legal body; or labor unrest, including without limitation, strikes, slowdowns, picketing, or boycotts; inability to secure raw materials, transportation facilities, fuel or energy shortages, or acts or omissions of other common carriers.
Text: 14. PRIVACY
Text: Your use of our Platform is subject to our Privacy Policy. Please read our Privacy Policy
Link: https://www.adidas.com/us/help-topics-privacy_policy.html
Text: here.
Text: 15. DISCLAIMER
Text: Except as prohibited by applicable New Jersey law, the information, materials, and services provided on or through this Platform are provided “as is” without any warranties of any kind including warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property. Except as prohibited by applicable New Jersey law, neither adidas, nor any of its respective affiliates (i) warrants the accuracy or completeness of the information, materials, or services provided on or through the Platform or (ii) makes any commitments or assumes any duty to update such information, materials or services.
Text: Neither adidas, nor any of its respective affiliates, warrants that the functions contained in this Platform will be uninterrupted or error-free, that defects will be corrected, or that the server that makes the content available will be free of viruses or other harmful components.
Text: Except as prohibited by applicable New Jersey law , we hereby disclaim all warranties of any kind, either express or implied, including, any implied warranties with respect to the products and services listed or purchased on or through this Platform. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, we hereby expressly disclaim all liability for product defect or failure, claims that are due to normal wear, product misuse, abuse, product modification, improper product selection, non-compliance with any codes, or misappropriation, except as prohibited by applicable New Jersey law. We make no warranties to those defined as “consumers” in the Magnuson-Moss Warranty Act.
Text: 16. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
Text: Your use of the Platform is at your own risk. You agree that our sole obligation to you is to provide the Platform “as is.” Except as prohibited by applicable New Jersey law, neither adidas nor any of its employees, officers, directors nor any of its agents or any other party involved in creating, producing, or delivering the Platform shall be liable to you or to any third party for your use of, or the inability to use, the Platform and its Content except in cases of (a) gross negligence, recklessness, or an act of knowing or intentional willful misconduct; or (b) a violation of a consumer protection statute in connection with the Platform.
Text: Except as prohibited by applicable New Jersey law, in no event will adidas or any of their respective officers, directors, employees, shareholders, affiliates, agents, successors or assigns, nor any party involved in the creation, production, or transmission of this Platform, be liable to you or anyone else for any indirect, special, punitive, incidental or consequential damages (including, without limitation, those resulting from lost profits, lost data or business interruption) arising out of the use, inability to use, or the results of the use of the Platform, any Platforms linked to this Platform, and its Content, whether based on warranty, contract, tort or any other legal theory and whether or not advised of the possibility of such damages. Please refer to your local laws for any such prohibitions. NEW JERSEY RESIDENTS: With respect to these Terms, the provision concerning the exclusion or limitation of certain damages is not applicable in New Jersey with respect to statutory damages, punitive damages, loss of data, and loss of or damage to property. Please refer to the Section below titled “LEGAL NOTICE TO NEW JERSEY RESIDENTS.”
Text: If there are any problem with this Platform or any Content, you agree that your sole remedy is to cease using this Platform. If there is any problem with the products or services that you have purchased on or through this Platform, you agree that your sole remedy, if any, is from the manufacturer of such products or supplier of such services, in accordance with such manufacturer's or supplier's warranty, or to seek a return and refund for such product or services in accordance with the returns and refunds policies posted on this Platform. Except as prohibited by applicable New Jersey law, in no event shall adidas’ total liability to you for all damages, losses, and causes of action whether in contract, tort (including, but not limited to, negligence), or otherwise exceed the greater of (a) fifty dollars ($50.00) or (b) the value of your purchase on the Platform.
Text: 17. LEGAL NOTICE TO NEW JERSEY RESIDENTS
Text: No provision in these Terms shall apply to any consumer in New Jersey if the provision limits redress for/under: (i) adidas’ tortious actions (e.g., negligence, failure to exercise a basic standard of care, failure to avoid creating an unreasonable risk of harm); (ii) the New Jersey Products Liability Act, N.J.S.A. 2A:58C-1, et seq. (i.e., the statutorily imposed duty to refrain from manufacturing and selling dangerous products, with the possibility of punitive damages for violations thereof); (iii) the New Jersey Punitive Damages Act, N.J.S.A. 2A:15-5.9, et seq. (i.e., the statutory right to pursue punitive damages if there is harm caused by actual malice, wanton and willful disregard, reckless indifference); (iv) the New Jersey Uniform Commercial Code (i.e., a comprehensive statutory regime governing the rights and duties of buyers and sellers with respect to contracts for the sale of goods, with the possibility of damages for economic and property harm); and (v) adidas’ failure to reasonably protect against harm arising from certain criminal acts of third parties (e.g., computer hacking and identity theft, as regulated by the Federal Trade Commission and the Federal Communications Commission, and as governed by the New Jersey Identity Theft Protection Act, N.J.S.A.56:8-161, et seq., and the New Jersey Consumer Fraud Act, N.J.S.A. 56:8-3, et seq.). With respect to these Terms, the provision concerning the exclusion or limitation of certain damages is not applicable in New Jersey with respect to statutory damages, punitive damages, loss of data, and loss of or damage to property.
Text: 18. INDEMNITY
Text: Except as prohibited by applicable New Jersey law, you agree to defend, indemnify and hold adidas and any affiliated company or individual harmless from any and all liabilities, costs, and expenses, including reasonable attorneys' fees, related to any violation of these Terms by you or your authorized users, or in connection with the use of the Platform or the Internet or your purchases or the placement or transmission of any message or information on this Platform by you or your authorized users or your violation of any law or the rights of a third party.
Text: 19. RELEASE
Text: If you have a dispute with one or more other users of the Platform, you release adidas (and its officers, directors, agents, subsidiaries, joint ventures and employees) from claims, demands and damages (actual and consequential) of every kind and nature, known and unknown, suspected and unsuspected, disclosed and undisclosed, arising out of or in any way connected with such disputes.
Text: 20. TERMINATION
Text: You or we may suspend or terminate your account or your use of this Platform at any time, for any reason, or for no reason. You are personally liable for any orders placed or charges incurred through your account prior to termination. We may also block your access to our Platform if (a) you breach these Terms; (b) we are unable to verify or authenticate any information you provide to us; or (c) we believe that your actions may cause financial loss or legal liability for you, our users or us.
Text: 21. PLATFORM DISPUTES
Text: “Platform Disputes” include: (a) any claim you may have against adidas in connection with the Site, (b) any claim adidas may have against you in connection with the Site, and (c) any action to enforce the Terms and Conditions or to object to the Terms and Conditions.
Text: All other disputes are Non-Platform Disputes. Any claim arising from your purchase of an adidas product or service is a Non-Platform Dispute. Any claim arising from the content of any offer or advertisement on the Site is a Non-Platform Dispute.
Text: 22. PLATFORM DISPUTE RESOLUTION – ARBITRATION, JURY TRIAL WAIVER, AND CLASS ACTION WAIVER
Text: Neither you nor we will be able to sue in court in connection with a Platform Dispute. All Platform Disputes must be resolved through individual (non-class) arbitration. You indicate your acceptance of these Terms and Conditions, including this agreement to arbitrate, by continuing to use the Site after having the opportunity to review these Terms and Conditions.
Text: You and adidas intend for this to be an agreement for arbitration that can be enforced under the Federal Arbitration Act (FAA), 9 U.S.C.A. §§ 1–16.
Text: You and adidas waive any rights to maintain other available resolution processes for Platform Disputes, such as a court action or administrative proceeding, to settle disputes. You and adidas waive any right to a jury trial for Platform Disputes.
Text: Instead of suing in court, we each agree to settle Platform Disputes only by arbitration. The rules in arbitration are different. There’s no judge or jury, and review is limited, but an arbitrator can award the same damages and relief and must honor the same limitations stated in the agreement as a court would.
Text: Any Platform Dispute shall be determined by arbitration in Oregon before one arbitrator(s). The arbitration shall be administered by JAMS pursuant to JAMS’ Streamlined Arbitration Rules and Procedures, available at http://www.jamsadr.com/rules-streamlined-arbitration/. Judgment on the award may be entered in any court having jurisdiction. This clause shall not preclude parties from seeking provisional remedies in aid of arbitration from a court of appropriate jurisdiction. If for any reason, JAMS cannot or will not provide this arbitration, the parties may ask any court of competent jurisdiction to select an arbitrator from a list provided by the parties.
Text: To the extent, that a party commences any action with includes both Platform Disputes and Non-Platform Disputes, consideration of the Non-Platform Disputes shall be stayed until the Platform Disputes are fully arbitrated. Then, any Non-Platform Disputes will be considered by any court of competent jurisdiction.
Text: You agree that you will not file a class action against adidas and its affiliated companies, or participate in a class action against adidas and its affiliated companies, in any Platform Dispute. You agree that you will not file or seek a class arbitration, or participate in a class arbitration against adidas and its affiliated companies, in any Platform Dispute.
Text: 23. GENERAL
Text: Any claim relating to, and the use of, this Site and the materials contained herein is governed by the laws of the State of Oregon, U.S.A. You consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located in Multnomah County, Oregon. A printed version of these Terms will be admissible in judicial and administrative proceedings based upon or relating to these Terms to the same extent and subject to the same conditions as other business documents and records originally generated and maintained in printed form.
Text: Except as prohibited by applicable New Jersey law, we do not guarantee continuous, uninterrupted, or secure access to our Platform, and the operation of the Platform may be interfered with by numerous factors outside of our control.
Text: If any provision of these Terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable, such provision shall be struck and the remaining provisions shall be enforced.
Text: You agree that the Terms may be automatically assigned by adidas in our sole discretion. Headings are for reference purposes only and in no way define, limit, construe or describe the scope or extent of such section. Our failure to act with respect to a breach by you or others does not waive our right to act with respect to subsequent or similar breaches. Sections 4 (User Generated Content – Your License to Us); 10 (Access and Interference), 16 (Limitation of Liability), 17 (Legal Notice to New Jersey Residents), 18 (Indemnity), and 19 (Release) shall survive any termination or expiration of the Terms.
Text: 24. DIGITAL MILLENNIUM COPYRIGHT ACT (“DMCA”) NOTICE
Text: In operating the Platform, we may act as a "services provider" (as defined by DMCA) and offer services as an online provider of materials and links to third-party Platforms. As a result, third-party materials that we do not own or control may be transmitted, stored, accessed, or otherwise made available using the Platform. If you believe any material available via the Platform infringes a copyright, you should notify us using the notice procedure for claimed infringement under the DMCA. We will respond expeditiously to remove or disable access to the material claimed to be infringing and will follow the procedures specified in the DMCA to resolve the claim between the notifying party and the alleged infringer who provided the Content. Our designated agent (i.e., proper party for notice) to whom you should address infringement notices under the DMCA is Paul Ehrlich, adidas, 5055 N. Greeley, Portland, OR 97217. Please provide the following notice:
Text: Identify the copyrighted work or other intellectual property that you claim has been infringed; Identify the material on the Site that you claim is infringing, with enough detail so that we may locate it on the Site; A statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; A statement by you declaring under penalty of perjury that (a) the above information in your notice is accurate, and (b) that you are the owner of the copyright interest involved or that you are authorized to act on behalf of that owner; your address, telephone number, and email address; and your physical or electronic signature.
Text: 25. HYPE SALES
Text: These hype terms and conditions (“Hype Terms”) govern your participation in any adidas hype event
Text: that may be available in your country
Text: (“Hype Event”).
Text: These Hype Events provide an opportunity for consumers to purchase a limited edition adidas product (“Hype Product”) via (one or more channels of) the Platform or in an adidas store. During the registration and/or participation for any Hype Event, we will communicate to you which type of Hype Event you are entering. The specific terms that apply to the different types of Hype Events are listed below. By registering and/or participating in any Hype Event you agree to be bound to these Hype Terms and the decisions of adidas. The Hype Terms apply in addition to the other terms set out in these Terms.
Text: If there is a conflict between the general terms and conditions for the Platform and these Hype Terms, then these Hype Terms will control.
Text: We are offering a limited number of Hype Products for purchase through a Hype Event. This offer is good while supplies last and may be limited to one Hype Product per participant and account during the Hype Event.
Text: adidas reserves the right to modify these Hype Terms, and to cancel, modify, or suspend the Hype Event at any time. adidas has the right, in its sole discretion, to disqualify or prohibit from participating in the Hype Event any individual who adidas believes (i) has tampered with the entry process or undermined the legitimate operation of the Hype Event in any manner; (ii) has engaged in conduct that annoys, abuses, threatens, or harasses any other participant or any representative of adidas; or (iii) has attempted or intends to attempt any of the foregoing. The use of agents or automated devices, programs, or methods to submit entries is prohibited, and adidas has the right, in its sole discretion, to disqualify any participant that it believes may have submitted an entry using such an agent or automated device, program, or method.
Text: If we select participants at random, we may not always be able to compute the exact amount of tax at the time you complete your participation in the Hype Event.  In these situations, taxes that appear when you enter the Hype Sale may be estimated. The actual taxes charged to your payment method will be calculated based on the applicable state and local tax rates if and when you are selected to purchase the Hype Product, and will be reflected on the receipt emailed to you at that time.
Text: 25.1 Hype eCom Draw Sale
Text: Sale Period
Text: The Hype eCom Draw Sale (“Draw Sale”) begins and ends on the period described on the Platform (the “Sale Period”).
Text: How to Participate
Text: In order to participate through the App, you must have a device that uses the iOS or Android operating system and has the ability to receive text messages. You also must have location services and in-app messaging enabled on your device. To participate, create an adiClub account. Once you have an account, during the Sale Period, you must enter the requested information to complete your participation.
Text: Participation Rules
Text: All entries must be submitted and received before the conclusion of the Sale Period. Normal time rates and data charges, if any, charged by your internet or mobile service provider will apply. All entries are subject to verification at any time. Proof of submission does not constitute proof of entry.
Text: Selection of Purchasers
Text: After the end of the Sales Period, participants will be selected at random to purchase the Hype Product (“Purchaser”), with some advantage given to higher-level adiClub members.  However, being an adiClub member, even in the higher levels, does not guarantee that you will be selected to be a Purchaser.
Text: Product Purchase and Delivery
Text: If you are selected as a Purchaser, we will notify you by e-mail (sent to the e-mail address provided when entering), and automatically charge the purchase price of the Hype Product, plus any applicable taxes, and shipping and handling, to the payment method you provided to participate in the Draw Sale. We will ship the Hype Product to the shipping address you provided to participate in the Draw Sale. adidas’ standard payment and shipping terms apply.
Text: Returns
Text: Purchasers may return Hype Products, subject to our returns policy for Hype products, which is available on our website.
Text: 25.2 Hype eCom “First Come, First Served” Sale
Text: Sale Period
Text: The Hype eCom “First Come, First Served” Sale begins and ends on the period described in the Platform (the “Sale Period”). The first-come, first-served mechanism may be used for e.g. the Ivy Park Hype Products.
Text: How to Participate
Text: In order to participate through the App, you must have a device that uses the iOS or Android operating system and has the ability to receive text messages. You also must have location services and in-app messaging enabled on your device. To participate, create an adiClub account. Once you have an account, during the Sale Period, you must enter the requested information to complete your participation.
Text: Participation Rules
Text: All entries must be submitted and received before the conclusion of the Sale Period. Normal time rates and data charges, if any, charged by your internet or mobile service provider will apply. All entries are subject to verification at any time. Proof of submission does not constitute proof of entry.
Text: Selection of Purchasers
Text: After the end of the Sales Period, participants will be selected on a first-come, first-served basis, to purchase the Hype Product (“Purchaser”), with some advantage given to higher-level adiClub members. However, being an adiClub member, even at the higher levels, does not guarantee that you will be selected to be a Purchaser.
Text: Product Purchase
Text: You should complete the checkout of the Hype Products in your shopping list as fast as you can after the Hype Products have been released for purchase, to increase the chance of purchasing them. We do not guarantee you can purchase any of the Hype Products that are on your shopping list either prior to or after the release of the Hype Products. We will notify you of the exact time of release through a timer on the Platform and by e-mail (sent to the e-mail address provided when entering).
Text: Returns
Text: Purchasers may return Hype Products, subject to our returns policy for Hype products, which is available on our website.
Text: 25.3 Hype eCom “Queue Light” Sale
Text: Sale Period
Text: The Hype eCom “Queue Light” Sale begins and ends on the period described in the Platform (the “Sale Period”), and ends, at the latest when all Hype Products are sold out.
Text: How to Participate
Text: In order to participate through the App, you must have a device that uses the iOS or Android operating system and has the ability to receive text messages. You also must have location services and in-app messaging enabled on your device. To participate, create an adiClub account. Once you have an account, during the Sale Period, you must enter the requested information to complete your participation.
Text: Participation Rules
Text: All entries must be submitted and received before the conclusion of the Sale Period. Normal time rates and data charges, if any, charged by your internet or mobile service provider will apply. All entries are subject to verification at any time. Proof of submission does not constitute proof of entry.
Text: Selection of Purchasers
Text: During the Sales Period, participants will be selected on a first come first served basis, for each available shoe size, to purchase the Hype Product (“Purchaser”).
Text: Product Purchase
Text: Your registration in the Hype Event means you agree to purchase the item if you win. We do not guarantee you can purchase any of the Hype Products either prior to or after the release of the Hype Products.
Text: Returns
Text: Purchasers may return Hype Products, subject to our returns policy for Hype products, which is available on our website.
Text: 25.4 Hype eCom “Queue Pro” Sale
Text: Sale Period
Text: The Hype eCom “Queue Pro” Sale begins and ends on the period described in the Platform (the “Sale Period”).
Text: How to Participate
Text: In order to participate through the App, you must have a device that uses the iOS or Android operating system and has the ability to receive text messages. You also must have location services and in-app messaging enabled on your device. To participate, create an adiClub account. Once you have an account, during the Sale Period, you must enter the requested information to complete your participation.
Text: Participation Rules
Text: All entries must be submitted and received before the conclusion of the Sale Period. Normal time rates and data charges, if any, charged by your internet or mobile service provider will apply. All entries are subject to verification at any time. Proof of submission does not constitute proof of entry.
Text: Selection of Purchasers
Text: During the Sales Period, participants will be selected at random to purchase the Hype Product (“Purchaser), except that some advantage may be given to participants based on certain criteria such as, for example, App engagement, participation in other Hype Events, and adiClub membership level. However, being an adiClub member, even at the higher levels, does not guarantee that you will be selected to be a Purchaser.
Text: Product Purchase
Text: Your registration in the Hype Event means you agree to purchase the item if you win. We do not guarantee you can purchase any of the Hype Products either prior to or after the release of the Hype Products.
Text: Returns
Text: Purchasers may return Hype Products, subject to our returns policy for Hype products, which is available on our website.
Text: 25.5 Retail Exclusive Hype Release
Text: How to Participate
Text: When participating, please remember to follow all safety guidelines in your area, including ones related to COVID-19.
Text: In order to participate in the Retail Exclusive Hype Release, you must sign up to join a launch event in the App, which will give you a chance to win a reservation for a particular style of Hype Product. Signing up to join a launch event is not a guarantee of a reservation. During the process of signing up for a launch event, you will select your preferred size and store. In order to receive notice of exclusive releases in your area, push notifications must be enabled within the App. Location services must be enabled on your device.
Text: Selection of Purchasers
Text: Reservations are granted based on a random selection and are non-transferable. To reserve a Hype Product, you must be within a pre-determined zone around eligible store locations as determined within the App. If you are selected to make a reservation, you will be provided a pick-up location and several timeslots. If you do not choose a timeslot, one will be allocated to you. At the designated time, you are required to bring your device with the App installed and containing a valid voucher (QR code) confirming your reservation to your pick-up location.
Text: Product Purchase
Text: In order to complete a purchase of the Hype Product, you must bring a photo ID, an acceptable method of payment, and provide the confirmation voucher to a store employee. If you do not or are unable to pick up the Hype Product at the time, date and location indicated, it will not be held for you. Receiving a reservation is not a guarantee that you will be able the purchase the Hype Product. One (pair of the) Hype Product can be picked up per person regardless of the number of reservations. Additional terms may apply to particular launch events and reservations for particular styles of the Hype Product. Any such additional terms will be disclosed at the time you seek to join such a launch event or make such a reservation.
Text: Returns
Text: If you buy the reserved Hype Product, you pay for it in-store. Purchasers may return Hype Products, subject to our returns policy for Hype products and in-store purchases, which are available on our website.
Text: 25
Text: .6 Hype eCom “Unbox” Sale
Text: Sale Period
Text: The Hype App “Unbox” Sale begins and ends on the period described in the Platform and ends once the Products are sold out or at a time communicated within the App, whichever comes first (the “Sale Period”).
Text: How to Participate
Text: In order to participate through the App, you must have a device that uses the iOS or Android operating system and has the ability to receive text messages. You also must have location services and in-app messaging enabled on your device and be located in a Drop Area. To participate, create an adiClub account. Once you have an account, during the Sale Period, you must enter the requested information to complete your participation.
Text: Unbox Safety Notice and Release
Text: Any physical activity and any presence in public spaces carries an inherent risk of potential accident or injury or illness.  Your participation in this Hype Event is voluntary and at your own risk.  You will use common sense during the Hype Event, stop movement if you experience any pain or start to feel tired or dizzy, and follow all safety guidelines in your area, including ones related to COVID-19.  YOU HAVE READ THE SAFETY NOTICE ABOVE AND YOU HEREBY ASSUME ALL RESPONSIBILITY FOR, AND RELEASE AND HOLD ADIDAS, AND EACH OF ITS OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, SHAREHOLDERS, AGENTS, AND AFFILIATES HARMLESS FROM, LIABILITY OF ANY KIND WHATSOEVER, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RESULTING IN ANY WAY FROM YOUR PARTICIPATION THE HYPE EVENT.  YOU EXPRESSLY ASSUME THE RISKS INHERENT IN YOUR PARTICIPATION IN THE HYPE EVENT.
Text: Participation Rules
Text: The Hype Event is limited to specific geographic areas in one or more cities, as further described in the App (each location, a “Drop Area”). Participants must be physically within a Drop Area to participate in the Hype Event. During the Sale Period, follow the instructions in the App on how to participate. Normal time rates and data charges, if any, charged by your internet or mobile service provider will apply. Participating in this Hype Event does not guarantee that you will be able to purchase a Hype Product.
Text: Once you start participating in the Hype Event during the Sale Period, you will see a number of virtual shoeboxes on a map of the Drop Area. Only one of these boxes will contain a virtual version of the Product. To open a virtual shoebox, you must be within a certain distance from that box, as described in the App.
Text: Selection of Purchasers
Text: During the Sales Period, participants will be selected on a first come first served basis in relation to the Drop Area, to purchase the Hype Product (“Purchaser”). Once you find and open the box containing the virtual Product, you have a limited number of minutes to purchase the Product.
Text: Product Purchase
Text: All purchases must be completed before the conclusion of the Sales Period. We do not guarantee you can purchase any of the Hype Products either prior to or after the release of the Hype Products.
Text: Returns
Text: Purchasers may return Hype Products, subject to
Text: our returns policy for Hype products, which is available on our website
Text: .
Text: 26.  ENTIRE AGREEMENT
Text: These Terms constitutes the entire agreement between the user and adidas and supersedes any prior understandings or agreements (written or oral).
Text: 27.  CONTACT US; SMS TEXT TERMS
Text: If you do not understand any of the foregoing Terms or if you have any questions or comments, we invite you to contact our Customer Service Department by email at customerservice@shopadidas.com or by calling 1-800-982-9337.
Text: In some cases, you may be able to text our customer service team.  If you contact us via SMS text, you agree to these terms: We will respond to you in one or more SMS messages. Standard message and data rates may apply to any messages sent by us or you. Please contact your wireless provider with any questions regarding text messaging or data rates and plans.  You represent and warrant that you have the authority to agree to receive SMS messages on the telephone number that you have provided to us, or from which you sent the SMS request to us. SMS messaging is not available in all areas. Not all mobile devices or handsets may be supported.  Adidas is not responsible for delayed or undelivered messages.  To stop receiving SMS messages from adidas customer service, send "STOP".  For additional help, please contact customer service through email or by calling.
Text: 28.   COPYRIGHT AND TRADEMARKS NOTICE
Text: All Site design, graphics, text selections, arrangements, and all software are Copyright© 2016 adidas America, Inc.
Text: All trademarks, service marks, and trade names of adidas used herein (including but not limited to: the adidas name, the adidas corporate logo, the adidas trefoil Design, and the Three Stripe logo) (collectively “Marks”) are trademarks or registered trademarks of the adidas Group, or its affiliates, partners, vendors or licensors. You may not use, copy, reproduce, republish, upload, post, transmit, distribute, or modify adidas trademarks in any way, including in advertising or publicity pertaining to distribution of materials on this site, without adidas' prior written consent. The use of adidas trademarks on any other Platform or network computer environment is not allowed. This protects you, too. When you see the adidas marks, you can be sure of our quality and performance. adidas prohibits the use of adidas trademarks as a “hot” link on or to any other Platform unless the establishment of such a link is approved in advance.
Text: DID YOU FIND THIS ARTICLE HELPFUL?
Text: FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS
Link: /us/help/us-company-information/what-is-the-adidas-employee-store-digital-pass
Text: What is the adidas Employee Store Digital Pass?
Link: /us/help/returns-refunds
Text: How do I return my product(s)?
Link: /us/help/us-company-information/what-are-the-terms-and-conditions
Text: What are the Terms and Conditions?
Link: /us/help/us-ordering/why-cant-i-find-my-order-in-my-order-history
Text: Why can't I find my order in my order history?
Link: /us/help/us-promotions-vouchers/why-doesnt-my-promotion-code-apply-the-correct-discount-to-my-order
Text: Why doesn’t my promotion code apply the correct discount to my order?
Link: /us/help/us-account-newsletter/how-do-i-create-an-account
Text: How do I create an account?
Link: /us/help/us-products/what-should-i-know-about-personalized-gear
Text: What should I know about personalized gear?
Link: /us/help/us-account-newsletter/how-do-i-reset-my-account-password
Text: How do I reset my account password?
Text: Join adiclub. GET INSTANT REWARDS.
Text: Not a member? Join adiClub for free and unlock these benefits immediately:
Text: 20% OFF SELECTED ITEMS
Text: Free shipping
Text: for all of your orders
Text: Early access to sales
Text: and special offers
Text: Exclusive products
Text: for members only
Text: Access to hype drops
Text: on CONFIRMED app
Text: unlock REWARDS