Text: General conditions of carriage, legal information | Air France
Text: -
Text: Air France uses cookies
Text: Air France uses functional and analytical cookies to make sure our website works
                                    properly and to
                                    offer you the best possible user experience. By using this website, functional and
                                    analytical cookies
                                    will be installed on your browser.
Text: With your consent, we also use marketing cookies to analyze our marketing performance
                                    and personalize
                                    our offers. By using these cookies, Air France and third parties can track your
                                    behavior online to
                                    make our content and advertisements more relevant to your interests.
Text: By clicking on "Accept," you consent to the placing of all marketing cookies. If you
                                    click on
                                    "Reject," we will not place any marketing cookies. You can change your cookie
                                    preferences or withdraw
                                    your consent at any given time.
Text: Change cookie settings
Link: https://wwws.airfrance.fr/exchange/deeplink?country=fr&language=en&target=/information/legal/edito-cookies
Text: Read
                                    Air France's cookie policy
Link: https://img.static-af.com/m/2c5d03e39a1d1969/original/List-of-Air-France-s-cookies-and-partners.pdf
Text: Check
                                    the full list of cookies used on our website
Text: Reject
Text: Accept
Text: Cookie settings
Text: Functional and
                                                analytical cookies
Text: By selecting this option, you give us permission to use only functional
                                                and analytical cookies.
Text: Functional and analytical cookies
Text: Are necessary for our site to properly function
Text: Enable you to securely book a flight and access your account
Text: Are used to remember your language preferences and settings
Text: Allow you to share your feedback
Text: Help us detect bugs and improve our site
Text: Collect information on how visitors use our site
Text: Are used for A/B testing
Text: Marketing cookies for
                                                performance
Text: By selecting this option, you give us permission to use functional and
                                                analytical cookies as
                                                described above, as well as cookies to measure our marketing
                                                performance.
Text: By selecting this option, you are authorizing us to use functional and
                                                analytical cookies as
                                                described above, as well as cookies to measure our marketing
                                                performance. These cookies:
Text: Are used to measure the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns
Text: Are used to compare the performance of our marketing campaigns
Text: Are never used to send you targeted ads
Text: Marketing cookies for
                                                performance,
                                                advertisements, and social media
Text: By selecting this option, you give us permission to use functional and
                                                analytical cookies as
                                                described above, as well as cookies to measure our marketing
                                                performance, and cookies for
                                                advertisements and social media.
Text: By selecting this option, you authorize us to use the functional and
                                                analytical cookies as
                                                described above, as well as cookies to measure our marketing performance
                                                and cookies for
                                                advertisements and social media. These cookies:
Text: Are used to collect information about your visit, clicks on our
                                                    website, and third-party
                                                    websites and apps
Text: Are used to show you relevant, personalized advertisements or offers
                                                    on our website and
                                                    outside our website
Text: Measure the effectiveness of our advertising campaigns by tracking
                                                    the number of clicks
Text: Limit the number of times you see an advertisement
Text: Allow you to like or share content on social media platforms such as
                                                    Facebook and Twitter.
                                                    These social networks can then use your cookies at their leisure.
Text: Can be used by social media platforms such as Facebook and Twitter
                                                    for their own purposes
Text: Accept selected
                                cookies
Text: Accept all cookies
Link: /en/information/legal/edito-preambule
Text: About Air France
Text: General information on Air France in your country